add plugin GLPI AI (#105)
pluginsGLPI/doc: source/glpiai/consumption.rst

Consumption
-----------

It is possible to limit the use of the API by specifying a limit that must not be exceeded

.. figure:: images/glpiai-8.png
   :alt: see the usage
   :scale: 100 %

1.  In usage limit, indicate a value not to be exceeded. If this limit is accrossed, the plugin will no longer work until it is increased.

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Author: > This doesn't sound right, but I don't know what it is referring to in order to make a suggestion.

Hello Curtis, thanks for your feedback. I have tried to write this article without translation, not a good idea 😬. In the plugin, if you don't want to exceed a limit, you can setup one. there's a text already proposed but I didn't want to copy and paste it
![image](https://github.com/pluginsGLPI/doc/assets/153809566/fe65031d-0fff-4c41-8312-964cdafa7cda)

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Reviewer: If message is relevant, why not copy paste it?

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Author: The 1st is not present in GLP, I wrote it, the 2nd is present but there's just one word that's been changed in fact

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Author: I've just changed the text, does that make it clearer?

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Reviewer 2: No, and after looking at the plugin code I am still confused by the purpose of the second usage field. I can see that the custom usage is added when determining the total usage, but I don't know why it would be needed. Is it in case the API key is used outside of the AI plugin?

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Author: Yes, I think that's right. This value has to be updated manually if it doesn't correspond to the actual usage value (in the case where, as you say, the API is used elsewhere). If I add a value to this field, the usage rate increases proportionally. 

![image](https://github.com/pluginsGLPI/doc/assets/153809566/a5906f88-e632-41f5-9542-63d5a72bb353)

> 2.  Indicate the real value of your API Key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Reviewer 2: After more research, it looks like OpenAI doesn't have any way to check the tokens used per-API key. So this plugin keeps track of the tokens that the API responses say were used. I think this needs clarified better here. On the plugin side the tooltip for the usage "progress" says "Usage is linked only to this instance of the plugin. If plugin is uninstalled, usage data will be lost." which is OK.

> It is possible to limit the use of the API by specifying a limit that must not be exceeded
> 
> .. figure:: images/glpiai-8.png
>    :alt: see the usage
>    :scale: 100 %
> 
> 1.  To limit usage and avoid overruns, specify a value that must not be exceeded. If this limit is exceeded, the plugin will no longer function until this value is increased.
> 2.  Enter the actual value of your API key (https://platform.openai.com/usage). This value must be updated when the plugin usage data is not coordinated with the real API value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to limit the use of the API by specifying a limit that must not be exceeded.
This plugin tracks usage based on each response from OpenAI. Therefore, you may need to utilize the "Custom usage" field in the configuration to account for usage outside of the plugin if you want the plugin to account for that in its usage limitation.

.. figure:: images/glpiai-8.png
   :alt: see the usage
   :scale: 100 %

1.  To limit usage and avoid overruns, specify a value that must not be exceeded. If this limit is exceeded, the plugin will no longer function until this value is increased.
2.  Enter the custom usage if you want to account for previous usage outside of the plugin.
```
